Update README and documentation landing page, improve way how 3b1b is credited (#4077)
ManimCommunity/manim: README.md

Manim is an animation engine for explanatory math videos. It's used to create precise animations programmatically, as demonstrated in the videos of [3Blue1Brown](https://www.3blue1brown.com/).

> [!NOTE]

> > Manim Community Edition is forked from Manim, a tool originally created and open-sourced by Grant Sanderson, also creator of the 3Blue1Brown educational math videos. While Grant Sanderson’s repository (Manim) continues to be maintained separately by him, he is not among the maintainers of ManimCE. We recommend this version for its continued development, improved features, enhanced documentation, and more active community-driven maintenance. If you would like to study how Grant makes his videos, head over to his repository ([3b1b/manim](https://github.com/3b1b/manim)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The community edition of Manim has been forked from 3b1b/manim, a tool originally created and open-sourced by Grant Sanderson, also creator of the 3Blue1Brown educational math videos. While Grant Sanderson’s repository continues to be maintained separately by him, he is not among the maintainers of the community edition. We recommend this version for its continued development, improved features, enhanced documentation, and more active community-driven maintenance. If you would like to study how Grant makes his videos, head over to his repository ([3b1b/manim](https://github.com/3b1b/manim)).
```
